Today for my daughter this product
I got through Zhangye
Jia Shao is like this
What you just asked is too much.
As long as you can spare them 5 million 10 million
You give a number
5 million 10 million
OK
Where are you fucking beggar?
Mom, are you alright?
Jiang Shao, please open any number.
I will never bargain
It's Jiang Shao, our director
You can also help with this money.
Open whatever you want.
We must not bargain. Okay.
That's one billion.
I said yes.
100 million each
Jiang Shao, is this a bit too much?
You're the one who said his mother didn't bargain
It's you who think it's fucking expensive
Are you fucking kidding me?
No no no Jia Shao
Jiang Shao Jiang Shao
I can't say if that's fucking kidding me
Hello hello
Just one night for everyone